#summary PowerShell V2 host for Far Manager 2.x

= Introduction =

PowerShellFar. Implements Windows PowerShell host in [http://farmanager.com Far Manager], user interface for invoking commands and scripts, and exposes underlying FarNet object model. The package includes scripts for many popular Far Manager tasks and PowerShell.hrc for Colorer providing rich PowerShell syntax highlighting.

----
= Windows PowerShell =

Windows PowerShell is an extensible automation engine from Microsoft, consisting of a command-line shell and associated scripting language. Codenamed "Monad", it was first shown publicly at the Professional Developers Conference in September 2003. Version 1.0 was released in 2006 and is currently available for Windows XP SP2/SP3, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista, and is included in Windows Server 2008 as an optional feature.

Windows PowerShell 2.0 was released with Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2. It has also been released for older platforms, i.e. Windows XP SP3, Windows Server 2003 SP2, Windows Vista SP1 and Windows Server 2008.

  * [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/powershell More...]

----
=== PowerShellFar for Far Manager 1.x ===
(not supported by the author)

The last PSF and FAR.NET versions for Far Manger 1.x are 1.1.57 and 3.3.57:
  * http://farnet.googlecode.com/files/PowerShellFar.1.1.57.7z
  * http://farnet.googlecode.com/files/FAR.NET.3.3.57.7z
Current development is only for Far Manager 2.x

----
=== PowerShellFar for PowerShell V2 CTP2 ===
(not supported by the author)

The last PSF and FAR.NET versions for PowerShell V2 CTP2 are 1.1.52 and 3.3.52:
  * http://farnet.googlecode.com/files/PowerShellFar.1.1.52.rar
  * http://farnet.googlecode.com/files/FAR.NET.3.3.52.rar
Some later FAR.NET versions may work with PSF 1.1.52, too, but they were not tested together.

----
=== PowerShellFar for PowerShell V1 ===
(not supported by the author)

The last PSF and FAR.NET versions for PowerShell V1 are 1.1.42 and 3.3.42:
  * http://farnet.googlecode.com/files/PowerShellFar.1.1.42.rar
  * http://farnet.googlecode.com/files/FAR.NET.3.3.42.rar
Some later FAR.NET versions may work with PSF 1.1.42, too, but they were not tested together.